Start of Early Registration for (Summer 1,2)	Tuesday	16 April 2024
First Day for Applying prerequisite Override (Summer 1,2)	Tuesday	16 April 2024
First Day for Applying Repeat Limit Override (Summer 2024 1,2)	Tuesday	16 April 2024
First Day for Submit Cross Registration Form in CCQ	Tuesday	16 April 2024
Last Day for Submit Cross Registration Form in CCQ	Tuesday	23 April 2024
Last Day for Applying prerequisite Override (Summer 1,2)	Wednesday	29 May 2024
Last Day for Applying Repeat Limit Override (Summer 1,2)	Wednesday	29 May 2024
Last day for register on Waiting list (Summer 1)	Saturday	1 June 2024
First day of Classes (Summer 1)	Sunday	2 June 2024
End of the Add and Drop period (Summer 1)	Tuesday	4 June 2024
Last day for register on Waiting list (Summer 2)	Saturday	29 June 2024
First day of Classes (Summer 2)	Sunday	30 June 2024
End of the Add and Drop period (Summer 2)	Tuesday	2 July 2024
Last day to withdraw from the course and semester (Summer 1)	Thursday	4 July 2024
Last day to withdraw from the course and semester (summer 2)	Thursday	18 July 2024

Start your QU journey today. Take the first step.
Congratulations on your decision to apply for admission to Qatar University! We are excited and look forward to welcoming you to our campus. Our admission staff will be here to help you on your way to joining Qatar University. 

1) Complete Online Admission Application

All undergraduate applicants to Qatar University are required to apply to their intended college of study using the QU online admission application. Please click on “Start Application” on the right side to apply to Qatar University.

Note: The QU online admission application allows you to complete your application or save your application to complete at a later time, review and submit your admissions application from the convenience of your personal computer with in the announced deadline.

Start creating your account with username and passwod "Remember to keep them in safe place".
Complete the online admissions application at your own pace.
Upload passport size photograph and Photocopy of the applicant's valid Qatar ID card (Non-Qatari applicants must also upload a copy of their passport) through the online admission application by the admission deadline. 
Save your application to complete at a later time. Remember your Login ID and PIN.
Submit the QR200 undergraduate admission application fee as part of your online admission application.
An international student who is planning to join Qatar University and apply for a bachelor degree must follow the following steps:
Send the original high school transcript and other requested documents to Qatar University during the application period for international students to the following address:
Admission Department
Qatar University
P.O. Box 2713
Doha, Qatar

If the international student (excluding GCC citizens) is applying to study at his/her own expense, he/she must apply online for a student visa under Qatar University sponsorship and upload the required documents during the same admission timeline for international students.
If the international student is planning to study at Qatar University only when he/she obtains a scholarship provided by Qatar University, he/she does not need to fill out and complete the visa application; the Scholarships and International Admissions Section will take the necessary procedures to issue a student visa for international students who receive a scholarship from QU.
Note: The admission application from an international student will not be considered if he/she does not submit the original high school transcript and visa application OR scholarship application.  


Application Instruction Guide (PDF) will guide you through the online admissions application and answer any questions you may have regarding the online application process.

2) Submit Required Documents
Students have to submit other required documents based on the application type, Please refer to this link for more details regarding required documents.

Required documents may be submitted in-person to the Admissions Department by the following timing and locations:

Male: Student Affairs Building (I11) - First Floor, hall number C204, from Sunday to Thursday, 9 am to 12 pm.
Female: Student Affairs Building (I11) - First Floor, hall number C250, from Sunday to Thursday, 9 am to 12 pm.
Or mailed to the following address: 
Admissions Department 
Qatar University 
PO Box 2713 
Doha, Qatar 

3) Pay Application Fee
All undergraduate applicants to Qatar University are required to submit a QR 200 (non-refundable) application fee as part of their admission application. Admission applications will not be considered complete, and consequently an admission decision will not be made, until the application fee is submitted through the online Admission Application using Visa or Master Cards only.

View the payment instructions

You may visit Qatar National Bank within the University campus to issue a card for the online payment. For more information on the conditions and procedures, you may contact Qatar National Bank at 44407777. 

4) Confirmation Letter
Once your admission application is received by the Admissions Department, a confirmation letter will be sent to the e-mail address you provided on your application within 10 working days.

5) Check your Admissions Application Status
Applicants can review the status of their application to ensure that the admissions application is complete and that all required documents have been submitted by the application deadline. Undergraduate applicants can use this feature to:

Verify that the Admissions Department has received the admissions application
Review a listing of required materials received by the Admissions Department
Track all requirements which remain outstanding and must still be submitted by the applicant in order to complete his/her admissions application by the application deadline
Receive online notification of the program’s admission decision
Further Information
For further information or inquiries regarding undergraduate admission to Qatar University, please contact the Students Recruitment Section of the Admissions Department at:

Location: Students Affairs Building.
Telephone No.: (+974) 4403-5966.
Email: studentrecruitment@qu.edu.qa


Apply for Student Visa
Before starting to fill out the visa application form below, it is mandatory to check the following required documents and prepare them.

Required Documents
Screenshot from the web application summary page (To access this page, please log in to your QU online admission application page after completing the online admission application)
Student's passport copy, valid minimum for one year; need the page/s that have students name, Date of Birth, and Passport expiry date.
Financial Sponsorship Declaration to bear the costs of studying at the university. The financial sponsor must be a third party; the students are not allowed to sponsor themselves.
Copy of the passport / Qatar ID card of the financial sponsor
Financial supporting documents: These documents should reflect the financial capacity of the sponsor to bear the financial expenses (study, living, etc.) of the student during their study at the university:
If the financial sponsor lives in Qatar, the applicant must submit a 'Bank Guarantee' issued by a local bank in Qatar in favor of Qatar University, with the amount of 20,000 QR (Qatari Riyals) or $5,470. The guarantee should be valid for five years for Undergraduate and PhD applicants, three years for Masters applicants, and one year for ANNS applicants
If the financial sponsor is from outside Qatar, The applicant must submit the bank account statement of the financial sponsor for the six months prior to the submission of the visa request. The bank account statement must be in either English or Arabic languages only and reflecting the stable financial capacity of the sponsor to bear the financial expenses (study, living, etc.) of the student during their study at the university:
Health Evaluation: This form should be signed by a medical physician and stamped by the Medical Clinic/Hospital in the student's country of residence. This Health Evaluation form is acceptable ONLY from applicants outside Qatar who are applying for the student visa from QU
Certificate of 'Good Conduct' (police clearance certificate) issued by the authorities in the student's country of residence.
Consent letter from the student's parent or guardian to enroll in the university and obtain a residence permit under QU residence sponsorship. (for Undergraduate students ONLY)
Complete the "Student Declaration Form".
Notes:

The University has the right to request extra documents based on the student's status.
After verifying the visa applications, the applicant will receive the final admission decision (Acceptance or Rejection) from the admission section according to the admission timeline in each semester.
Please contact the Scholarships and International Admissions Section with any questions or concerns.
Obtaining a student visa is subject to approval by the concerned committee.
Qatar University will not accept applications after the published deadline.


Undergraduate Prospective Students
1 February 2024	
Start the online application admission and Admission Scholarship for International Students
Start the Student VISA application (For self-funded students only).
Start the submission of all required documents for admissions
13 March 2024	
Last day for online admission application and Admission Scholarship for International Students

14 March 2024	
Last day for:

Submitting all required documents for admissions.
Student VISA application (For self-funded students only).
28 May 2024	
Announcement of scholarship decisions.

Date	Activity
1 February 2024	Start international students online applications for: admissions and student visa and submission of Student VISA documents
1 February 2024	
Start accepting all required documents for admissions

13 March 2024	
Last day to submit online admissions application 

14 March 2024	
Last day for International students applying for Undergraduate admission and applying for a Student VISA, must submit: 

Admissions required documents.
Student VISA application and required documents.
14 March 2024	
Deadline for all applicants to change their Main College preference on applicants' web application accounts.

28 May 2024	Admission decisions are announced on International applicants' (ONLY) web application accounts


Dates	Activity
3 March 2024	Start applying online for Early Conditional Admission and start receiving required documents.
13 March 2024	Deadline for applicants to apply online for Early Conditional Admission.
14 March 2024	Deadline for applicants to submit required documents for Early conditional admission.
14 March 2024	Deadline for all applicants to change their Main College preference on applicants' web application accounts.
18 April 2024	Announce Early Conditional Admission decisions.
4 July 2024	Deadline for all applicants to submit ALL required documents, including their final and official high school transcripts.
5 August 2024	Final Admission decisions are announced on applicants' web application accounts


Dates	Activity
13 May 2024	Start of online admissions application
13 May 2024	Start accepting required documents from all applicants
13 May 2024	Start accepting Main College changes
3 July 2024	
Last day to submit online admissions application 

4 July 2024	Deadline for all applicants to submit ALL required documents, including their final and official high school or University transcripts,
4 July 2024	Deadline for all applicants from IB and English school systems to submit their predicted grades
4 July 2024	Deadline to accept Main College changes
4 July 2024	Deadline for applicants to request an admissions exception based upon English (e.g. TOEFL, IELTS) and Mathematics (e.g. SAT, ACT) test scores and exemption from Foundation Program courses
9 July 2024	Deadline for all applicants to change their Secondary College preferences on applicants' web application accounts.
10 July 2024	Deadline for applicants applying for Medicine College, Dental Medicine College, Nursing College, Pharmacy college, and Health Sciences college for submitting English and Mathematics test scores reports to QUTC.
5 August 2024	Final Admission decisions are announced on applicants' web application accounts
25 August 2024	First day of classes.
29 August 2024	Last day of Add/Drop Period.


High School Applicants
All applicants who are applying for the first time to Qatar University, or who have not earned at least 24 credit hours at a university and who are applying to Qatar University as either Foundation Program or Undergraduate applicants are classified as First Year applicants. First Year applicants may apply for either Fall or Spring admission. First Year admits are not eligible to receive transfer credit consideration for coursework completed prior to their semester of admission to QU.

High School Requirements
All applicants to Qatar University must complete a minimum of 12 years of formal education and their transcript results must be certified by the appropriate educational agency. The high school grade requirements mentioned in this section are minimum scores, they do not guarantee admission, and they may change according to the strength of the applicant pool and the available capacity in each college or major. Additionally, high school requirements do vary by college and individual colleges reserve the right to stipulate additional requirements to the admission requirements listed below.

Qatari Secondary School Certificate
General Secondary Schools
The 12th grade final high school percentage is used when considering applicants from General Secondary Schools wherein a minimum of 70% is required to be taken into consideration when applying to QU. For more information, please visit College Requirements.

Independent Schools
Graduates from Independent Schools from the academic year 2009/2010 onwards are considered according to Qatar Senior School Certificates (QSSC) based on the final total result for their last year. For students who have obtained the Independent Certificate before the academic year 2009/2010, they will be considered based on the table of Score Equivalency in each Academic Year.
Private and International School Certificates
Applicants from the following educational systems must satisfy the minimum admission requirements to be considered:

Grade Point Average (GPA) System
Awarded a High School Diploma in a General Studies Curriculum with a minimum cumulative GPA of 2.00 on a 4.00 scale (“C”) and satisfies the minimum high school percentage requirement during the final year of high school.
Passed at least six different subjects including at least one science (biology, physics, chemistry), one mathematics (algebra, trigonometry, geometry), and one English Language course during the Junior or Senior year.
For the Scientific Track certification, 2 Science subjects (Biology, Physics, Chemistry) and 1 Mathematics subject with minimum grade of 2.00 (or C equivalent) are required.
British Secondary School System and International Baccalaureate (IB) System
British Secondary School System
Earned at least five IGCSE (O Level) subjects with a minimum grade of "D or 3" and a minimum of two subjects at the Advanced (A) or (AS) level or a combination of (A) and (AS) level subjects with a minimum grade of "D".
As the official results for this school system will be released after QU has announced admission decisions, applicants may submit predicted grades in addition to official result certificates by the submission deadline. Applicants who submit predicted high school grades (pdf) will be considered for Provisional Admission.
For the Scientific Track certification, 2 Science subjects (Biology, Physics, Chemistry) and 1 Mathematics subject with minimum grade of "C or 4" are required.
International Baccalaureate (IB) System
Completion of the full IB Diploma with at least 2 subjects at the HL and the other 4 subjects at SL level.
The student should have attained a total grade point score of 24 out 42, excluding grades for Theory of Knowledge (TOK) and Extended Essay.
As the official results for this school system will be released after QU has announced admission decisions, applicants may submit predicted grades by the submission deadline. Applicants who submit predicted high school grades (pdf) will be considered for Provisional Admission.
For Science Track certification, 2 Science courses (Biology, Physics, Chemistry) and one Mathematics course with minimum grade of 4 (2 of these 3 subjects must be at the HL) and a minimum grade of 3 in the other three subjects.
Provisional Admission
As official results for the British Secondary School system (IGCSE, AS, and A-Level results) and the International Baccalaureate (IB) system will be released after QU has announced admission decisions, in-progress applicants from these two school systems will be considered for Provisional Admission based on predicted grades.

For more details please check Stages of Provisional Admission for Applicants from the British Secondary School System and International Baccalaureate (IB) System.

Provisional Admission Process
Applicants from the British Secondary School and the International Baccalaureate systems must submit all application requirements by the admission application deadline admission application deadline and must submit their predicted grades by the admission application deadline submission deadline.
Predicted grades must be reported and attested by the applicant’s high school using the appropriate QU provided form:
Predicted IGCSE, AS, and A-Level Grades for Provisional Admission form
Predicted International Baccalaureate Grades for Provisional Admission form
Applicants from the British Secondary School system may complete the minimum admission requirements to be considered through submission of official results for all completed IGCSE, A/S and A-Level results and anticipated final grades for the examinations. All in-progress International Baccalaureate (IB) applicants will be considered for admission on their anticipated results.
Using predicted grades, the Admissions Department will determine whether the applicant has satisfied Qatar University’s minimum admission requirements. Applicants with predicted grades are considered for admission in competition with all other applicants and applicants receiving Provisional Admission will be informed at the same time as all other admits.
Upon receiving Provisional Admission, Applicants will be informed of the conditions of their provisional admission – essentially, their admission is based on anticipated grades, is conditional, and not final until official results are submitted.
Graduates from other high school systems that issue final and official high school results after the submission deadline cannot be considered for admission and will be requested to apply for the coming semester admission instead.
KSA School System
In order to be considered for admission to Qatar University, applicants from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia must complete High School & pass the National Exam for Assessment in Higher Education with the minimum percentage required by their major/program of choice, for male students starting from the year 1422/1423 (2002/2003), for female students starting from year 1430 (2009).

Other School Systems for Private and International School Certificates
Submission of Transcripts: Students from other educational systems must submit their original, final, official, and certified high school transcripts to Qatar University prior to the admission deadline.
Track Certification: The Admission Section will review and evaluate each certificate to determine the appropriate academic track for the student:
Indicated Track: If the high school transcript specifies an academic track (Arts or Science), that track will be considered for admission.
Unspecified Track: If the transcript does not specify an academic track, applicants must have completed a minimum of two Science courses (Biology, Physics, Chemistry) and one Mathematics course to qualify for the Science track.
Additional Documentation: If the final high school transcript for Grade 12 lacks specific details on scientific subjects taken and passed by the student in previous grades, students may submit supplementary evidence via transcripts from Grade 10 or Grade 11.
High School required documents
All applicants who had never applied to Qatar University or who has not earned at least 24 credit hours at a university and who are applying to QU as either Foundation Program or Undergraduate applicants are classified as First Year applicants and are required to submit the following:

High School required documents
Complete the Online Admissions Application with an e-payment of QR 200 (non-refundable)
Students have to upload passport size photograph and Photocopy of the applicant's valid Qatar ID card (Non-Qatari applicants must upload a copy of their passport) through the online admission application by the admission deadline.
High School Transcript:
Students from Qatari Government and independent schools graduated starting from 2016 onwards, do not have to submit their high school transcript; QU will receive their results from the Ministry of Education and Higher Education.
Students from Private and International high schools, as well as students from Qatari Government and independent schools who graduated in 2015 or earlier, have to submit their original, final, official, and certified high school transcript along with copies to check if it matches the original documents, and attend in person to Qatar University before the deadline by the following timing and locations:
Male: Student Affairs Building (I11) - First Floor, hall number C204, from Sunday to Thursday, 9 am to 12 pm
Female: Student Affairs Building (I11) - First Floor, hall number C250, from Sunday to Thursday, 9 am to 12 pm.
Applicants with a Qatari parent must upload a copy of their parent’s Qatar ID card and a copy of their Birth certificate. Non-Qatari female students married to Qatari Nationals must also upload a copy of the marriage contract and a copy of the ID card of the husband. (An electronic link will be sent to applicants with Qatari parents and to those married to Qatari nationals for uploading the required documents)
For Qatari male students who have achieved a percentage less than 75%, it is mandatory to upload a certificate proving completion of national service or a letter of exemption from national service. (A link will be sent to applicants to upload the required documents)
Note: The document verifying completion of national service or the letter of exemption from national service is mandatory for Qatari male students with a percentage less than 75%. Applications will not be considered if these required documents are not submitted, and admission to Qatar University will be denied.
Students have to submit Health Certificate issued inside Qatar (with a validity period that must not exceed six months from the date of examination)
Students who have undergone a medical examination in any of the health centers operated by the Primary Health Care Corporation or the Medical Commission are not required to submit their medical examination results. QU will receive these results from the Ministry of Public Health directly.
Students who have undergone a medical examination in any private health care center located in Qatar, kindly contact Admission Section.
For International students please refer to International Students Website.
Official test score reports for applicants to Colleges that require the Foundation Program (if available) to be submitted to the Qatar University Testing Center in order to be exempted from the Foundation Program.
An international student who is planning to join Qatar University and apply for a Bachelor’s degree must follow the following steps: must follow the following steps:
Send the original high school transcript and other required documents to Qatar University during the application period for international students to the following address:
Admission Department
Qatar University
P.O. Box 2713
Doha, Qatar

If the international student (excluding GCC citizens) is applying to study at his/her own expense, he/she must apply online for a student visa under Qatar University sponsorship and upload the required documents during the same admission timeline for international students.
If the international student is planning to study at Qatar University only when he/she obtains a scholarship provided by Qatar University, he/she does not need to fill out and complete the visa application; the Scholarships and International Admissions Section will conduct the necessary procedures to issue a student visa for international students who receive a scholarship from QU.
Note:The admission application from an international student will not be considered if he/she does not submit the original high school transcript and visa application OR select the scholarship request application while applying to QU.

Undergraduate Tuition Fees
Tuition fees at Qatar University are paid at the beginning of each semester (Fall, Spring, and Summer). Students are required to pay all amounts due for the current semester before they may register for the following semester.

Fees can be paid by credit card or cheque (for organizations) at the Finance Department - Cashier's Office (located in the Student Activities Building) from 7:30 am to 12:00 pm. Fees can also be paid online by the Online Payment System via Master and Visa credit cards. Cash payments are not accepted. 

For all Undergraduate, Foundation, and Arabic for Non Native Speakers programs students admitted starting from Fall 2023 onward
Tuition fees are assessed based upon the major of the course registered by the students regardless of the major of the student. Accordingly, two students from two different majors will pay the same tuition fees if they register in the same course. The tuition fees per credit hour in Qatari Riyals for undergraduate level are shown in the below table for undergraduate students.

Course Major	Tuition Fees per Credit Hour (in Qatari Riyals)
Arts	1100
Business and Economics	1200
Education	1100
Engineering	1400
Foundation Program	1200
Law	1100
Pharmacy	1400
Sciences	1200
Health Sciences	1200
Nursing	1200
Sharia and Islamic Studies	1100
Arabic for Non-Native Speakers Program	1400
Medicine	Annual fees
Dental Medicine	Annual fees


Competency Requirements
All students are expected to possess minimum basic skills to be eligible for enrollment in their desired academic programs. In order to be considered for Undergraduate admission to Qatar University, all applicants applying to the following colleges must demonstrate proficiency in English and Mathematics by satisfying the following minimum competency requirements as set by the University or pass the Foundation Program:

College of Arts and Sciences (Science track only)
College of Education (Secondary Education with concentrations in Mathematics and Sciences only)
College of Engineering
College of Health Science
College of Medicine
College of Dental Medicine
College of Nursing
College of Pharmacy
 

English Competency
 
Standardized Test	Minimum Score for Exemption
TOEFL Internet Based (iBT) 
Test of English as a Foreign Language	
61  or above
IELTS
International English Language Testing System - Academic Version	5.5
ACCUPLACER ESL (for more information click here)	
Aggregate Score

400
ESL Reading Skills	100
ESL Language in Use	100
Note: International Students (students from outside Qatar) who enroll in the Foundation Program are required to complete the Foundation Program in 2 semesters. If the student did not pass the Foundation Program in 2 semesters, the student should withdraw from the university, cancel the residence permit and leave the State of Qatar. Qatar University would encourage the international students who are applying to the student visa to satisfy the requirements of the Foundation Program before enrolling to the university.

Mathematics Competency
 
Math Tests	Full Exemption
ACT (American College Test)	24 or higher
SAT Scholastic Aptitude Test SAT (General Math component- Old version)	550 or higher
SAT Scholastic Aptitude Test SAT (General Math component- New version)	570 or higher
Math Placement Test	235 or higher

Competency Test Score's Validity
 
Standardized Test	Validity
SAT (General /SAT I)	5 years
ACT	5 years
IELTS (Academic Version)	2 years
TOEFL iBT	2 years
GRE	5 years
GMAT	5 years
QU Testing Center reserves the right to verify any standardized test scores and re-test students.
QU Testing Center will re-test students submitting TOEFL paper-based test scores to the Foundation Program.
A test score is no longer valid if it is older than the validity period from the start of the first day of the class. Students with scores older than the validity period should retake the test.
Applicants who fail to satisfy the minimum English and Mathematics competencies identified above will be considered for admission to the Foundation Program and will be placed in their relevant levels based on their ACCUPLACER English and QU PLACER Math test scores.
Foundation Program students are required to pass English and Math courses with a grade of 70% or higher in order to be enrolled in their Undergraduate college program.
Please be aware that Qatar University mandates that all applicants to Colleges that have Foundation Program requirements must complete the ACCUPLACER English test and QU Placer Math test before they can register for classes. For additional information on these placement tests, please visit the Qatar University Testing Center website, or contact by email or call (+974 ) 4403-5522.


Placement Tests
English Placement Test
Who needs to take the test?
All new applicants applying for the colleges requiring the Foundation Program (except the College of Medicine and College of Dental Medicine) must take the ACCUPLACER ESL English placement test if they do not have the minimum required competency scores in English in IELTS or TOEFL iBT. The English placement test is also a condition to register for the English Foundation courses. The test helps applicants get full or partial exemption from English language courses.

Math Placement Test
Who needs to take the test?
All new applicants applying for the colleges requiring Foundation Program must take the QU-Placer Math placement test if they do not have the minimum required competency scores in Math in ACT International test (math component) and SAT I (math component). The math placement test helps applicants get full or partial exemption from studying the math courses.

Click on the following links for more information
ACCUPLACER ESL Test
QUPLACER Math Test
Exemption and Placement Rules
Submit Scores to the Testing Center
Repeat Policy for the QU Placement Tests
Both English and Math placement tests can only be taken one time per admission cycle with the condition of not being a Foundation Program student.

Placement Tests Dates
For the most updated information about the QU Placement tests’ schedules for the English and Math tests, you can visit Qatar University Testing Center Page. Click here to register for a placement test.

Online Orientation Program
Dear students,

Welcome to Qatar University.

You are only one-step away from being admitted into Qatar University and registering your courses. In order to register courses, it is necessary to attend the Online Orientation Program.

What is the Online Orientation Program?
The online orientation program is a platform that consists of a set of educational videos and presentations designed specifically for you, and will provide you with the most important information as a new student at Qatar University. The platform includes information that highlights key policies and academic expectations at QU student life.

With all flexibility, the Online Orientation Program will allow you to register for courses in front of your screen.

Failing to complete the orientation program will cancel your admission for this semester, and you will be required to re-apply the following semester.

What does the Online Orientation program consist of?
The online orientation program explains several policies and highlights services that are provided at the University. The videos cover three areas:

Academic life
Student life
Campus Tour
The program consists of parts that will feature a short quiz that you need to complete with a cumulative average of 70% in order to register for courses.
You will not be able to move to the following section of the program if you do not pass the quiz of that section. However, do not worry, you can repeat the quiz if you do not pass it.
You are able to log in and out after completing each section  if needed. Once you log in once again, you will directed to the page where you left of.
After completing the online orientation program, you will receive an email regarding registering your courses, as well as your personal username and password.
Note: It is best to register 4 courses (that are equivalent to 12 credit hours) during your first semester.

When will the Online Orientation Program take place?
for Transfer students from other universities 10 January 2024
for New admitted students	14 January 2024

New Vocabulary:
New student: The new student is you, you have just been accepted to Qatar University.
Course:- The courses will be the classes you will be taking throughout your journey at Qatar University.
Credit hours: Each course you will take is equivalent to numerous amount of hours, and this will assist in completing your journey towards graduation.